You were asked in the quiz how to start troubleshooting a non-working Spark application.
Let's take a look at the answer.
It's very common that your Spark application will not run correctly the first time.
The first step is usually to look for errors in the Spark console.
If there aren't any errors,
but your data doesn't look right,
it might be time to start examining some of your data frames.
To view the data frame in question,
simply change the output of your Spark application to point to that data frame.
In this case, we have two data frames,
one called customerSelectStarDF, and one called customerWithDepositDF.
To examine data, pass the data frame to
the.writeStream call on the last line in this example.
Notice we are now writing the data from
customerSelectStarDF instead of customerWithDepositDF to the console.
Once we start running the Spark application,
we will see the data that we want to look into further.
This may lead to a conclusion about what we need
to change in dealing with that particular data.